# Word-Predictor-Using-Transformers 
 
 ## Word-Predictor-Using-Transformers

This is a language model that can predict the next word in a sequence. It is based on the Transformer architecture, which is a type of neural network that has been shown to be very effective for natural language processing tasks.

### How to use

To use the model, you can simply import it into your Python code and then call the `predict()` method. The `predict()` method takes a sequence of words as input and returns the probability distribution of the next word in the sequence.

For example, the following code will print the probability distribution of the next word in the sequence "the cat sat on the":

```python
import word_predictor

model = word_predictor.WordPredictor()

sequence = "the cat sat on the"

probabilities = model.predict(sequence)

print(probabilities)
```

The output of the above code will be a dictionary of words and their probabilities. The word with the highest probability is the most likely next word in the sequence.

### Training

The model can be trained on a dataset of text. The dataset should be in the form of a list of sentences. Each sentence should be a sequence of words separated by spaces.

The model can be trained using the `train()` method. The `train()` method takes a list of sentences as input and trains the model to predict the next word in each sentence.

For example, the following code will train the model on a dataset of sentences:

```python
import word_predictor

model = word_predictor.WordPredictor()

sentences = ["the cat sat on the mat", "the dog ran in the park", "the bird flew in the sky"]

model.train(sentences)
```

### Evaluation

The model can be evaluated on a dataset of text. The dataset should be in the form of a list of sentences. Each sentence should be a sequence of words separated by spaces.

The model can be evaluated using the `evaluate()` method. The `evaluate()` method takes a list of sentences as input and returns the accuracy of the model on the dataset.

For example, the following code will evaluate the model on a dataset of sentences:

```python
import word_predictor

model = word_predictor.WordPredictor()

sentences = ["the cat sat on the mat", "the dog ran in the park", "the bird flew in the sky"]

accuracy = model.evaluate(sentences)

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.useblackbox.ai)